Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Any monsters?
Not yet!
What the hell is this place?
No idea.
Any monsters now?
No!
I'm coming down!
Okay.
Whoops. Got it.
Ooh… okay.
Weapon.
A weapon. weapon. I need a weapon.
No.
- Almost there. Wally.
- Okay.
How many more?
Yeah. Just a couple more.
There you go.
- You all right?
- Yeah. yeah. Living the dream.
Guys!
Come look at this!
Jesus Christ!
Lord. today.
What is it?
It's my address.
This is my address.
So. Renee.
art and Judy. Sam. Jack. me.
It's the whole cul-de-sac.
Blood trail.
It's leading that way.
Toward the desert.
Well. let's kill a monster.
Anneliese?
Darling?
What a shame.
She was so young.
Well. the Bible tells us about a man
who ruled Babylon and all its land
around the city he built a wall
and declared that
Babylon would never fall
have a wonderful day. Mr. Shaw!
He called his Babylon "paradise"
upon his throne he drank and ate
but for belshazzer it was getting late
morning. Mr. Shaw.
- Hey there. Mr. Shaw.
- Good morning. Mr. Shaw.
His kingdom was
divided it couldn't stand.
It's 8:58. Hank.
Sorry. Waited as long as I could.
Business is for business hours.
Yeah. well. I got a situation here.
I pay you to handle situations.
I've been meaning to
talk to you about that.
I mean. I think I might deserve a raise.
Is that so?
Yeah. well. I've had a
lot on my plate lately.
I mean. between scar going missin' and
the 75th anniversary and Sam Cooper...
I am handling Mr. Cooper.
I've already put in a call to his daughter.
Okay. look. I don't need much.
Just enough to keep
up my energy. you know?
Well. unfortunately. your portion was
agreed upon when you joined the team.
But if you're finding
your duties too difficult.
I know Ernest is angling for a promotion.
You could always switch.
He could take your job.
and you could babysit the
kids downstairs full-time.
That won't be necessary.
Good.
So whatever the situation is.
I'm sure that you will do
your job and take care of it.
Yes. sir.
Well.
looks like you and me
are going on a little trip.
Can't have anybody tracking
us. now. So where's that phone?
Smile.
Renee.
You nabbed yourself an old lady?
Fuck you!
It's against company policy.
Good morning.
Sorry.
I didn't see you there.
How are you feeling?
You're gonna have to speak up
because I left my robot ears at home.
Robot ears?
It's what I call my hearing aids.
I asked how you're feeling.
Like an old man who
had a few too many.
Uncle nearest got you.
That he did.
Funny.
I didn't notice your robot ears in the bar.
How did you do it?
Do what?
I saw your hair
turn from black to
gray with my own eyes.
I think uncle nearest got to you too.
There are wonders in the boroughs.
Tucked away.
Hidden.
Buried.
But I've seen them.
And I suspect
that you have too.
We can help each other.
If you trust me.
Lady. I appreciate your help.
I really do.
But I'm just an old guy
who had a few too many.
Now. if you'll excuse
me. I'd like to get dressed
and get home where I belong.
Say hi to Judy.
Wally! I don't know
where the hell you are.
but I need to talk to you. okay?
So you better drop
whatever it is you're doing...
this better be you.
Morning. Renee.
Mind if I come in?
Why?
I caught a break in
your missing quartz case.
Not a good time.
Make time.
No! No!
No!
No! No! No!
God!
Help! Help!
These tunnels go on forever.
Anything?
Nothing.
- We've lost the trail.
- Just give me a minute.
- Sam!
- Let him look.
We've come this far.
How many bullets do you have in that?
Got three.
And her name is Ethel.
You named your gun?
I didn't want the kids to know
there was a gun in the house.
I wrote some stories.
Got a few death threats.
Ethel's a cute name.
She's named after Ethel Payne.
the first lady of the black press.
She broke the big stories.
Not that fluff and puff they put
on me before they pushed me out.
You know.
we all set out to change the world.
And most of us end up changed by it.
This way!
Found more blood?
Yeah.
If you don't marry that girl
by six. we're out of the money.
I said stand still.
Moe. I'm blind!
You burnt my eye out!
Get a towel. moe. Get a towel.
Come now.
Classics never die.
Hello. Claire. I'm Blaine Shaw.
- Thank you for agreeing to meet with me.
- You said it was important.
Is my father okay?
Walk with me. please?
You know. I am extraordinarily
proud of the boroughs.
But the manor may be my
single greatest accomplishment.
I know it may seem strange.
but everything you see here is
based on cutting-edge research.
I thought we were gonna
be talking about my father.
We are.
Well. he doesn't… belong here.
The signs can be subtle at first.
Well. there's nothing
subtle about my dad.
He…
He broke into our mortuary. Claire.
What?
He said he needed to say goodbye
to a recently deceased neighbor.
Yeah. well. maybe he did.
Well. perhaps.
But that doesn't explain why he
then forced the corpse's mouth open.
Or why he proceeded to start ranting
about monsters when I confronted him.
Well. my father's not crazy. so… no.
Nobody here is crazy.
They just… need a little extra help.
Now. take. Mike Ellis there.
Every day for 20 years.
Mike rode the bus to work
with his best friend. Charlie.
When Mike developed dementia.
he would ask where Charlie was.
Every day.
And every day.
his family would remind
him that Charlie was dead.
So every day. Mike reexperienced
the death of his best friend.
And then one morning.
his children found him wandering
real streets in search of a real bus stop.
So they brought him here.
where Mike can safely wait
for his best friend in peace.
How charmingly patronizing of you.
People suffering from dementia.
they don't experience time like you and I.
It's not a straight line for them.
It is an open ocean. and they're lost.
Adrift.
But this is a safe harbor
for the people we love.
Talk to your father.
See for yourself.
Before someone finds him
wandering the streets like poor Mr. Ellis.
It's still warm.
That's… disconcerting.
You two don't look so good.
Well. I've got cancer.
What's your excuse?
Last chance.
Let's do what we came to do.
Hey. hey. it's okay.
Renee. hey. It's me.
Hold on. hold on.
What are you doing here?
Hank caught me sniffing around.
Hey.
This is my trunk.
Yeah. we've been driving a while.
We must be outside the boroughs now.
We're slowing down.
What's the plan?
Scream bloody murder?
Hope somebody hears us?
- Yeah. works for me.
- Yeah.
- Ready?
- Ready.
Help!
Somebody help!
Somebody get us out of here!
Help!
- Somebody help!
- Help!
Help!
Somebody help us! Help!
- Help! Let us out!
- Somebody let us out!
Somebody! Hello?
- Anybody out there. get us out of here!
- Help!
Listen.
What the… what the fuck is…?
Shit! Hey. don't!
Stop!
Help!
Please!
Hank!
One. two…
Holy shit.
God!
No.
What are you doing?
I have to stop the bleeding.
What. you want to save it?
Of course. I want to study it.
This thing killed Jack.
It's not a threat now. Look at it.
You saw what one drop
of its blood could do.
Imagine the possibilities.
Why did you do that?
It was suffering.
What a waste.
Sam. what's the matter?
That scar is new.
No.
That looks old to me.
The thing that killed
Jack didn't have a scar.
But that means…
It's got a friend.
- Many friends.
- How many bullets does Ethel have left?
- Only three.
- Wally. can you run?
Well. I can certainly try.
Let's go.
Sam!
Sam! Sam!
Come on. we gotta go!
No.
No!
No. no. no!
You can't be dead. No.
You can't be…
Just one more.
Just one more peach.
This used to be a coal mine.
Opened in 1868 to modest success.
But in 1910. they found copper.
That changed everything.
You're following me.
A whole town sprung up overnight.
Life was good.
For a time.
By '45. the copper had dried up.
There were more bodies in
the cemetery than the saloon.
In '49. the mining company
sold the whole thing off.
The new owners
signed the contract in pencil.
Because nobody could find a pen.
The next day. they traced
over the lead with ink.
So it would all be nice and official.
How can you know that?
Because I'm the one who bought it.
Well. me and my husband.
Well. how old are you?
Never ask a lady her age.
What do you want from me?
I want to know.
Like you.
Tell me how you did it.
Tell me. and I'll tell you
everything.
Lie to me. and all you'll
know is endless nothing.
Well…
The tree was blooming when I found it.
There was a peach.
And just one.
And when I reached for it.
the juice
healed a cut on my hand. and I…
And I took a bite.
God. it tasted good.
It's been a long time
since I'd felt young.
And this…
This is all that's left of it.
No. no. don't!
Are you all right?
Good god!
Disappointing.
At first. I was afraid that
you stumbled on the truth.
Then.
I hoped that you'd found another way.
But now…
It's just another
dead end!
What are you?
Alive!
Shit!
Morning. doll!
Keep them lungs moving.
Clear the gas out.
The last thing I need
is a toxicology report.
Lovers dying of carbon
monoxide is suspicious.
Lovebirds dying in a car
crash… well… that's tragedy.
What the...
great.
Bitch!
Shit!
- Where do you think you're goin'?
- Not with you. bitch!
Jump!
- Hi.
Thanks for the catch.
Yeah. Anytime.
No! No! No! No!
These tunnels must lead somewhere.
Well. as long as it's away
from those monsters. I'm good.
- No!
- That's art!
- Impossible!
- It is! It's him!
- Judy!
- No. come on!
- Wait. Judy!
- Art!
No! No! No!
- No!
No!
God!
What the fuck?!
- Are you okay?
- What are you doing here. baby?
- How do we get out?
- That way!
- Are you sure?
- Yeah.
- Go!
- Come!
- Judy. come on!
- I'm coming!
Can't wait to see what
we do for our third date.
Applebee's?
Hey. that's art's truck.
What's he doing out here?
Man. Hey!
Hey! Over here!
Art!
Come on. Over here.
Re-re?
Wally?
What the hell are you doing out here?
You want to see something
really crazy? Here.
Look. This is a picture from 1972.
God. I had that jacket.
That would make both of them over 80.
Or older.
Anneliese was talking
about doing stuff in 1949.
How would she manage that?
They must have a grove of
art's peach trees somewhere.
No. I don't think so.
She was talking about
hoping I'd found another way.
So what's their way?
Yeah.
They got a…
A room underneath security.
full of monsters locked in cages.
It was…
It was sad.
So why would they keep monsters?
Art said the peach healed his hand.
made him feel young.
So whatever was in the
peach is in the monster's blood?
Blaine and them are drinking
monster blood to stay young?
Explains why they're keeping
those things locked up like pigs.
So. the creatures feed on us.
and they feed on the creatures.
Yeah. The circle of life.
Yeah. I saw Hank knock
back some weird golden goo.
He was begging Blaine for more.
Except that the
creature's blood was blue.
So what was Hank drinking?
We're still missing a piece of the puzzle.
You ready to order?
Baby. we need a minute.
What about drinks?
- No.
- Water's good.
You have to order.
We'll take six fries.
Renee. the sodium.
I can't eat fried food.
Nobody has to eat the fries.
I need to eat something.
We need a plan.
I am sure as hell not
going back to the boroughs.
- First. we have to get somewhere safe.
- Run away.
Nobody's running away.
We have to play this smart if we're
gonna take these bastards down.
Don't worry. We're coming back.
Yeah. one problem.
I need my meds.
I'm on a strict schedule.
and very bad things
happen if I don't keep to it.
- I'll get them.
- That's too dangerous.
Hank's dead.
No one else knows I'm involved.
I could get in and out
before anyone knows.
- Well. be careful.
- I will.
Here. take my truck.
- Thanks.
- Thanks. paz.
Wait!
- Don't die.
- Don't tell me what to do.
Slut.
But you're not sure?
I'd have to drive it around the block.
Why don't you drop by tomorrow
evening. around 8:30? He'll be in then.
- Who?
- My husband.
You were anxious to
talk to him. weren't you?
I was. but I'm sort of
getting over the idea.
There's a speed limit.
Forty-five miles an hour.
How fast was I going. officer?
- I'd say around 90.
- Suppose you get off your motorcycle…
Hello. darling. How was your day?
Bad.
It's all right. It's all right.
You're home here. You're safe.
Don't worry. love.
I'll make you right as rain.
That's it.
There you go.
Just drink. Just drink.
You'll be good as new
in no time. my love.
What happened?
Tell me.
They hurt me.
Whoever it was will pay.
Promise?
I promise.
We should go to Argentina.
Hide out. It's classic.
I always wanted to go to the poconos.
Where are the poconos?
Nobody knows.
Judy. where do you want to go?
I'll let you know.
- We're closing. You'll have to go.
- I'm wondering. can we...
- we're closing.
- Okay. then.
Hey.
What are you doing out here?
I'm thinking.
Smoking.
We should tell the kids what's going on.
It's too much to tell the kids.
- They wouldn't believe it.
- Spencer will.
Might.
Nayera. no. She won't.
- I know...
- never even believed in Santa.
I know about Jack.
So that's what this smoky.
moody behavior is about?
I found his shirt. Judy.
Art… you all go wherever you want.
I'm going my own way.
Someone's coming.
Come on.
I love that place. I would come back.
How did they find us?
Maybe they caught paz.
Or he flipped.
He wouldn't.
Well. they got us now.
So we fight.
It's too late for that. Sam.
We're beat.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org